\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename remember-extra.info
@settitle Remember Manual (extra features)
@c %**end of header

@dircategory Emacs
@direntry
* Remember-Extra: (remember-extra). Extra features for Remember Mode
@end direntry

@syncodeindex fn cp

@copying
This manual is for Remember Mode's extra features, version 1.9

Copyright @copyright{} 2001, 2004, 2005, 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover
Texts.  A copy of the license is included in the section entitled ``GNU
Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@titlepage
@title Guide to Remember Mode's Extra Features
@subtitle a simple information manager
@subtitle for GNU Emacs and XEmacs

@c The following two commands
@c start the copyright page.
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@c So the toc is printed at the start
@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top, Using remember-experimental.el, (dir), (dir)
@comment  node-name,  next,  previous,  up
@top Remember (extra features)

@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Using remember-experimental.el::  
* Getting Help and Reporting Bugs::  
* GNU Free Documentation License::  
* Concept Index::               
@end menu

@node Using remember-experimental.el, Getting Help and Reporting Bugs, Top, Top
@comment  node-name,  next,  previous,  up
@chapter remember-experimental.el
@cindex @file{remember-experimental.el}, using

@file{remember-experimental.el} contains experimental functions related
to remember-el. Try them out at your own risk.

@file{remember-experimental.el} does not define any interactive
functions, or keybindings.


@node Getting Help and Reporting Bugs, GNU Free Documentation License, Using remember-experimental.el, Top
@comment  node-name,  next,  previous,  up
@chapter Getting Help and Reporting Bugs
@cindex help, getting
@cindex bugs, reporting

After you have read this guide, if you still have questions about
Remember Mode, or if you have bugs to report, there are several places
you can go.

You can join the mailing list at
@email{remember-el-discuss@@gna.org} using the subscription form at
@uref{https://mail.gna.org/listinfo/remember-el-discuss/}.
This mailing list is also available via Gmane
(@uref{http://gmane.org/}). The group is called
@samp{gmane.emacs.remember.general}.

You can visit the IRC Freenode channel @samp{#emacs}. Many of the
contributors are frequently around and willing to answer your
questions.


@node GNU Free Documentation License, Concept Index, Getting Help and Reporting Bugs, Top
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include doclicense.texi

@node Concept Index,  , GNU Free Documentation License, Top
@comment  node-name,  next,  previous,  up
@unnumbered Index

@printindex cp

@bye
